readme.md, before:

**totally** - a cli for fetching test data and tracking data contracts

http://npmjs.org/totally

## Motivation

Many of the components and applications we build rely on an extensive suite of mock data. The goal of totally is to make it easier to fetch and manage mock data while providing ways to track data contract changes.

Mock data should live as a tracked dependency of your source control. I check mock data into git which allows anyone to have a set of data that works with the component or application at any point they check out the repo. Using *real* data from *real* APIs allows you to guarantee that your application responds appropriately when pieces of data are missing or when the underlying data structure changes.

## Usage

Totally is made easier when it's a global dependency. Install with `npm i -g totally`.

Mock data is driven with a configuration file written in JavaScript. To get started, create a file in your app called `totally.js`. This script should export an array of configuration objects (don't worry, they are very lightweight).

An example configuration might look like:

```js
module.exports = [

  {
    filePath: 'name-of-scenario',
    endpoint: 'http://domain.com/api/endpoint?id=1234'
  }

];
```

After creating a configuration file, run totally from the command line with `totally`. Totally creates and modifies files and reports on the output.

**Custom handlers**

Configuration objects can also specify a handler for modifying the returned data. Handlers are passed a result object and must return an object, but anything you wish to do in a handler is up to you. For example:

```js
module.exports = [

  {
    filePath: 'name-of-scenario',
    endpoint: 'http://domain.com/api/endpoint?id=1234',
    handler: function (result) {
      return result.someNestedObject;
    }
  }

];
```

**Diffs**

When new data is retrieved, a deep comparison is made between the existing data and what will be replaced. Files will be skipped if there is no difference between the new and existing data. To control this more, each configuration object can set an array of paths to exclude from the diff. Here's an example use case:

Take an existing set of data:

```json
{
	"name": "Boop",
	"updated_at": 1469396380973
}
```

Each time the data above is refreshed, there's a good chance that `"updated_at"` will be different. In cases where you want to ignore that change, exclude it from the diff:

```js
module.exports = [
	{
		filePath: 'name-of-scenario',
		endpoint: 'http://domain.com/api/endpoint?id=1234',
		excludeFromDiff: [ 'updated_at' ]
	}
];
```

Any time `"updated_at"` changes, it won't count as a modification, and a new file will not be written.


## About

**totally** is a project by [Aaron Godin](http://aarongodin.me).

Commit message:

Update readme to specify string getter syntax

readme.md, after:

**totally** - a cli for fetching test data and tracking data contracts

http://npmjs.org/totally

## Motivation

Many of the components and applications we build rely on an extensive suite of mock data. The goal of totally is to make it easier to fetch and manage mock data while providing ways to track data contract changes.

Mock data should live as a tracked dependency of your source control. I check mock data into git which allows anyone to have a set of data that works with the component or application at any point they check out the repo. Using *real* data from *real* APIs allows you to guarantee that your application responds appropriately when pieces of data are missing or when the underlying data structure changes.

## Usage

Totally is made easier when it's a global dependency. Install with `npm i -g totally`.

Mock data is driven with a configuration file written in JavaScript. To get started, create a file in your app called `totally.js`. This script should export an array of configuration objects (don't worry, they are very lightweight).

An example configuration might look like:

```js
module.exports = [

  {
    filePath: 'name-of-scenario',
    endpoint: 'http://domain.com/api/endpoint?id=1234'
  }

];
```

After creating a configuration file, run totally from the command line with `totally`. Totally creates and modifies files and reports on the output.

**Custom handlers**

Configuration objects can also specify a handler for modifying the returned data. Handlers are passed a result object and must return an object, but anything you wish to do in a handler is up to you. For example:

```js
module.exports = [

  {
    filePath: 'name-of-scenario',
    endpoint: 'http://domain.com/api/endpoint?id=1234',
    handler: function (result) {
      return result.someNestedObject;
    }
  }

];
```

**Diffs**

When new data is retrieved, a deep comparison is made between the existing data and what will be replaced. Files will be skipped if there is no difference between the new and existing data. To control this more, each configuration object can set an array of paths to exclude from the diff. Here's an example use case:

Take an existing set of data:

```json
{
	"name": "Boop",
	"updated_at": 1469396380973
}
```

Each time the data above is refreshed, there's a good chance that `"updated_at"` will be different. In cases where you want to ignore that change, exclude it from the diff:

```js
module.exports = [
	{
		filePath: 'name-of-scenario',
		endpoint: 'http://domain.com/api/endpoint?id=1234',
		excludeFromDiff: [ 'updated_at' ]
	}
];
```

Any time `"updated_at"` changes, it won't count as a modification, and a new file will not be written. The `"excludeFromDiff"` array must contain strings that follow the same getter syntax as [lodash's get()](https://lodash.com/docs#get). 


## About

**totally** is a project by [Aaron Godin](http://aarongodin.me).
